traffic is building rapidly downtown as
citizens rush to get home stay safe
sweetie stay safe if you're not purging
we advise you to get off the streets
it'll soon be a war up there this is the
commencement of the annual purge at the
siren all crime including murder will be
legal all emergency services will be
suspended you know dangerous it is this
won't bring him back it won't make you
feel any better don't do this it's late
you to leave your government thank you
for your participation son written purge
rule we don't save lives please the
night would take lives we can't have any
interference just try to stick to the
plan we get a hero no heroes
thank you follow me
the only way we stay alive is if we stay
together you should be out here keep
moving in stay quiet
why haven't you just killed us already
oh my god baby good this is a superb
lots fresh off the streets this is the
last purge of the evening the bidding
will start at 200,000 purchase this
sudah we'll see you shortly on the
hunting grounds we're gonna have people
who kind of us are gonna have people
behind us stop don't look back run for
your life you'll survive
this
sooo coming
I just remember all look at the parched